

1> vaccinecenter

A vaccination center is a health care facility that offers vaccinations and other preventive care services to the public.
 The center may be owned by a government agency, a hospital, or a private company. Vaccination centers offer vaccinations for diseases such as
 measles, mumps, rubella, and chickenpox. A vaccination center is a health care facility that offers vaccinations and other preventive care services to the public. The center may be owned by a government agency, a hospital, or a private company. Vaccination centers offer vaccinations for diseases such as measles, mumps, rubella, and chickenpox. Vaccination centers are often located in schools, hospitals, and doctors' offices. The center may offer services 
such as physical exams, hearing tests, prenatal care, dental care, and immunizations. Immunizations are often required before starting 
school or daycare.



2> testing center

The new covid-19 testing center is designed to take care of all your testing needs. With the latest technologies and practices, 
covid-19 is able to get you in and out quickly. In addition, they offer a variety of services to help you on your way to a better future. 
Covid-19 offers pre-employment testing, STD testing, and pregnancy testing. Covid-19 offers a variety of services to help you on your way to a better
 future. 
Covid-19 offers pre-employment testing, STD testing, and pregnancy testing.


3>   admin


Web administration is the practice of keeping a website running efficiently and securely. Responsibility for the website is managed by
 the website administrator or webmaster, whose job is to perform the many daily tasks required to maintain a website. Website administrators plan
 and perform website enhancements and manage website content. They build web pages, fix bugs, and perform system upgrades. Website administration also
 involves managing user accounts, web software, web servers,
 web security, log analysis, content, and more.
 
 
 4> patient
 
 a person who is receiving medical care, or who is cared for by a particular doctor or dentist when necessary
 
 
 5> APPOINTMENT
 
 Medical Appointment means a scheduled day and time for an individual to be evaluated or treated by a physician 
 or other licensed health care professional.
 
 